EaseProbe Benchmark Test Report (#161)
megaease/easeprobe: resources/test/README.md

# EaseProbe Test

## 1 Benchmark Test

### 1.1 Generate the configuration files

```ssh
./gen.sh
```
these files would be generated

- TCP probe configuration file
  - `config.tcp.100.yaml`
  - `config.tcp.1k.yaml`
  - `config.tcp.2k.yaml`
  - `config.tcp.5k.yaml`
  - `config.tcp.10k.yaml`
  - `config.tcp.20k.yaml`

- HTTP probe configuration file
  - `config.http.100.yaml`
  - `config.http.1k.yaml`
  - `config.http.2k.yaml`
  - `config.http.5k.yaml`
  - `config.http.10k.yaml`
  - `config.http.20k.yaml`

### 1.2. Run the EaseProbe

> You can edit the config file's probe interval.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can edit the config file's to modify probe intervals.
```
